# bash
Useful (to me, anyway) Linux bash scripts for use with the KDE Plasma Linux DE &/or iroffer Fserve!

These scripts function as follows:

"txt-file-keyword-search.py" is a KDE Plasma python script to search through a text file for a keyword or keywords and will output the results to a text file named after the input file with -keyword appended, i.e.: searching for "bar" in "foo.txt" would yield the results in a text file named "foo-bar.txt" which would consist of every line from "foo.txt" containing the keyword "bar".  Useful for searching through big lists for a certain line or section, such as file lists.  

"mprocessor.sh" is a KDE Plasma shell script to perform the function of renaming my mp3's to a standardized format of "Artist - Album - Track Number - Track Title.mp3" or "Artist - Track Title.mp3" if not in an album.  The ununderscore script was incorporated into this script, so it will also remove the underscores from filenaames and replace them with normal spaces, and a third script was incorporated into this one that removes any extra spaces from the filenames, preventing "double-spacing", as in "Artist  -  Album...".  The script that can be run from Dolphin or the terminal, with or without arguments (Argument = the path contiaining files to be renamed _in quotes_).  This script should take a file that is named something like: "foo_(bar)  - 01-Blah.mp3", "01 blah,mp3" or "foo (bar) - 01 Blah.mp3" and it should be renamed to "Foo - Bar - 01 - Blah.mp3".  It uses the directory sturure above the file to determine the unpopulated Artist and Album fields, so if you are going to use this script, your directory structure _MUST_ be in the format of ".../mp3/Artist/Album/..."  Be sure to edit the path at the top of the script to reflect the path to your root mp3 directory.

"media" is a highly-modified media script for Konversation and iroffer users that replaces the existing one in /usr/share/konversation/scripts/.  _This script is specifically meant for iroffer fserver operators_.  The script modifies the now playing media ouput to be much more colorful and, if properly configured, it will look for the file you are currently listening to in your iroffer pack list and advertise the file to the channel in the now playing message.  Here is an example output from the script with the color codes removed: 
"BayouGuru is listening to Show Biz Kids by Steely Dan on Countdown To Ecstasy using Clementine. Type "/msg BayouServ XDCC GET 18407" to download Show Biz Kids!".
